# swaywm-packages-slackware
My amatuerish first attempt at packages/SlackBuilds for slackware64-current (15.0) is packaging sway desktop for wayland. I have nothing to do with swaywm.org where sway is hosted (development or otherwise). Sway is a wayland desktop that attempts to reproduce i3 desktop's functionality on wayland. I outright copied alienbob's elogind package from his Ktown repository and clumsily hacked at that slackbuild to make slackbuilds for wlroots, sway , dmenu-wayland, and swaybg. I copied and butchered the nano slackbuild from official slackware64-current repo to make a slackbuild for scdoc. I put in a customised example config.in in the sway-1.5.tar.gz tarball hosted at this site, which yields a custom /etc/sway/conf upon install that needs to be manually copied to ~/.config/sway/conf to make the sway desktop work right with the included selection of packages. The scdoc makefile was tweaked to point at prefix /usr and at /lib64 instead of /usr/local and /local/lib which are the default. You will need to tweak the makefile back to /lib from /lib64 to compile for 32-bit. VERY IMPORTANT WARNINGS: the elogind package needs to be installed after removing the ConsoleKit2 package AND I am a complete novice at this business and you should expect that my first effort might break something in your slackware system, so do not install these on a production or valuable system until you have verified for yourself that it safe to do so. No warranty of any kind is given or implied that these packages will work as intended, or even not damage your system.  
elogind should be built/installed first; wlroots should be built/installed second, scdoc third, swaywm fourth, swaybg & dmenu-wayland last. I think scdoc is a build only dependency and can be removed once the rest is built ( but I won't swear to it).
